Creati<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="es" class="scroll-smooth">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Sorteo Global 2025 - ¡Gana $50,000!</title>
    <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Inter:wght@400;500;600;700;800;900&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
    <script src="https://cdn.tailwindcss.com"></script>
    <style>
        body { font-family: 'Inter', sans-serif; background-color: #0A192F; color: #CCD6F6; }
        .glass-effect { background-color: rgba(16, 33, 58, 0.8); backdrop-filter: blur(10px); -webkit-backdrop-filter: blur(10px); border: 1px solid rgba(45, 212, 191, 0.1); }
        @keyframes pulse { 50% { transform: scale(1.03); box-shadow: 0 0 20px rgba(45, 212, 191, 0.4); } }
        @keyframes float { 50% { transform: translateY(-10px); } }
        @keyframes shake { 10%, 90% { transform: translateX(-5px); } 20%, 80% { transform: translateX(5px); } 30%, 50%, 70% { transform: translateX(-5px); } 40%, 60% { transform: translateX(5px); } }
        @keyframes spin { to { transform: rotate(360deg); } }
        .cta-button-main { animation: pulse 2.5s infinite ease-in-out; transition: transform 0.3s ease; }
        .cta-button-main:hover { transform: translateY(-3px); }
        .floating-icon { animation: float 3s infinite ease-in-out; }
        .interactive-card:hover { transform: translateY(-8px); border-color: #2DD4BF; box-shadow: 0 10px 30px -15px rgba(45, 212, 191, 0.2); }
        .hidden { display: none; }
        .shake-error { animation: shake 0.5s ease-in-out; }
        .loader { border-top-color: #2DD4BF; animation: spin 1s linear infinite; }
        .section-fade-in { opacity: 0; transform: translateY(20px); transition: opacity 0.6s ease-out, transform 0.6s ease-out; }
        .section-fade-in.visible { opacity: 1; transform: translateY(0); }
    </style>
</head>
<body class="overflow-x-hidden">

    <header class="glass-effect fixed top-0 left-0 right-0 z-50">
        <div class="container mx-auto px-6 py-3 flex justify-between items-center">
            <div class="flex items-center gap-3">
                <div class="w-10 h-10 flex items-center justify-center bg-gradient-to-br from-teal-400 to-cyan-500 rounded-lg shadow-lg">
                    <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" class="h-6 w-6 text-white" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" d="M12 8v13m0-13V6a2 2 0 112 2h-2zm0 0V5.5A2.5 2.5 0 109.5 8H12zm-7 4h14M5 12a2 2 0 110-4h14a2 2 0 110 4M5 12v7a2 2 0 002 2h10a2 2 0 002-2v-7" /></svg>
                </div>
                <span class="text-xl font-bold text-white" data-translate="giveawayName">Sorteo Global</span>
            </div>
            <div class="flex items-center gap-4">
                <select id="languageSelector" class="glass-effect text-white rounded-md p-2 border border-slate-700 focus:outline-none focus:ring-2 focus:ring-teal-500">
                    <option value="es">Español</option>
                    <option value="en">English</option>
                    <option value="pt">Português</option>
                    <option value="la">Latīna</option>
                    <option value="it">Italiano</option>
                    <option value="de">Deutsch</option>
                </select>
                <button class="enter-giveaway-btn bg-teal-500 hover:bg-teal-400 text-white font-bold py-2 px-6 rounded-lg shadow-lg transition-transform hover:scale-105" data-translate="enterNow">Entrar Ahora</button>
            </div>
        </div>
    </header>

    <main>
        <section class="pt-32 pb-20 text-center">
            <div class="container mx-auto px-6">
                <div class="w-24 h-24 mx-auto mb-6 flex items-center justify-center bg-gradient-to-br from-teal-400 to-cyan-500 rounded-2xl shadow-2xl shadow-teal-500/20 floating-icon">
                    <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" class="h-14 w-14 text-white" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" d="M12 8c-1.657 0-3 .895-3 2s1.343 2 3 2 3 .895 3 2-1.343 2-3 2m0-8c1.11 0 2.08.402 2.599 1M12 8V7m0 1v.01M12 6v-1m0 1H9.5a2.5 2.5 0 00-2.5 2.5V10M12 6h2.5a2.5 2.5 0 012.5 2.5V10m0 0h-5m5 0v1m0 1v.01m0 1v.01m0 1v.01m0 1v.01M12 12v2m0 4h.01m4.938-4.938a2.25 2.25 0 013.181 0l1.415 1.415a2.25 2.25 0 010 3.181l-1.415 1.415a2.25 2.25 0 01-3.181 0l-1.415-1.415a2.25 2.25 0 010-3.181zM12 12c-2.485 0-4.5 2.015-4.5 4.5s2.015 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5-2.015 4.5-4.5S14.485 12 12 12z" /></svg>
                </div>
                <h1 class="text-4xl md:text-6xl font-extrabold text-white mb-4 leading-tight" data-translate="mainHeadline">Tu Oportunidad de Ganar el <span class="bg-clip-text text-transparent bg-gradient-to-r from-teal-300 to-cyan-400">$50,000 Gran Premio</span></h1>
                <p class="text-lg md:text-xl text-slate-400 max-w-3xl mx-auto mb-8" data-translate="subHeadline">¡El Sorteo Global 2025 está oficialmente abierto! Crea tu cuenta gratis hoy para tener la oportunidad de cambiar tu vida. La participación es 100% gratuita.</p>
                <button class="cta-button-main enter-giveaway-btn inline-block bg-gradient-to-r from-teal-500 to-cyan-500 text-white font-bold text-lg py-4 px-10 rounded-lg" data-translate="enterNowCTA">Entra al Sorteo Ahora</button>
            </div>
        </section>
        
        <section class="section-fade-in py-20">
            <div class="container mx-auto px-6">
                <div class="text-center mb-12">
                    <h2 class="text-3xl md:text-4xl font-bold text-white" data-translate="stepsHeadline">Consigue tu Participación en 3 Simples Pasos</h2>
                    <p class="text-slate-400 mt-2" data-translate="stepsSubheadline">El proceso es rápido, gratuito y seguro.</p>
                </div>
                <div class="grid md:grid-cols-3 gap-8 text-center">
                    <div class="interactive-card bg-slate-800/50 p-8 rounded-xl border border-slate-700 transition-all">
                        <div class="text-4xl mb-4 text-teal-300 font-black floating-icon" style="animation-delay: 0.1s;">1.</div>
                        <h3 class="text-2xl font-bold text-white" data-translate="step1Title">Regístrate</h3>
                        <p class="text-slate-400" data-translate="step1Desc">Crea tu cuenta gratuita usando tu correo. Solo toma un minuto.</p>
                    </div>
                    <div class="interactive-card bg-slate-800/50 p-8 rounded-xl border border-slate-700 transition-all">
                        <div class="text-4xl mb-4 text-teal-300 font-black floating-icon" style="animation-delay: 0.2s;">2.</div>
                        <h3 class="text-2xl font-bold text-white" data-translate="step2Title">Verifica</h3>
                        <p class="text-slate-400" data-translate="step2Desc">Completa el simple paso de verificación para asegurar y validar tu entrada.</p>
                    </div>
                    <div class="interactive-card bg-slate-800/50 p-8 rounded-xl border border-slate-700 transition-all">
                        <div class="text-4xl mb-4 text-teal-300 font-black floating-icon" style="animation-delay: 0.3s;">3.</div>
                        <h3 class="text-2xl font-bold text-white" data-translate="step3Title">Gana</h3>
                        <p class="text-slate-400" data-translate="step3Desc">¡Eso es todo! Estás en el sorteo. El ganador será anunciado después de la fecha límite.</p>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </section>
        
        <section class="section-fade-in py-20 text-center">
            <div class="container mx-auto px-6">
                <h2 class="text-3xl md:text-4xl font-bold text-white" data-translate="countdownHeadline">¡El Tiempo se Acaba!</h2>
                <p class="text-slate-400 mt-2 mb-8" data-translate="countdownSubheadline">El sorteo cierra pronto para nuevas inscripciones. No pierdas tu oportunidad.</p>
                <div id="countdown" class="grid grid-cols-2 md:grid-cols-4 gap-4 max-w-2xl mx-auto text-white">
                    <div class="glass-effect p-6 rounded-lg"><div id="days" class="text-4xl md:text-5xl font-bold">00</div><div class="text-sm text-slate-400" data-translate="days">Días</div></div>
                    <div class="glass-effect p-6 rounded-lg"><div id="hours" class="text-4xl md:text-5xl font-bold">00</div><div class="text-sm text-slate-400" data-translate="hours">Horas</div></div>
                    <div class="glass-effect p-6 rounded-lg"><div id="minutes" class="text-4xl md:text-5xl font-bold">00</div><div class="text-sm text-slate-400" data-translate="minutes">Minutos</div></div>
                    <div class="glass-effect p-6 rounded-lg"><div id="seconds" class="text-4xl md:text-5xl font-bold">00</div><div class="text-sm text-slate-400" data-translate="seconds">Segundos</div></div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </section>
        
        <section class="section-fade-in py-20">
            <div class="container mx-auto px-6 text-center">
                <img src="https://placehold.co/100x100/2DD4BF/0A192F?text=A.L." alt="Foto de testimonio" class="w-24 h-24 rounded-full mx-auto mb-6 border-4 border-slate-700">
                <blockquote class="max-w-3xl mx-auto">
                    <p class="text-xl md:text-2xl text-white font-medium mb-4" data-translate="testimonialQuote">"¡No podía creerlo al principio! Este sorteo es real y cambió mi vida. ¡Tienes que participar para poder ganar! Realmente una bendición."</p>
                    <footer class="text-slate-400 font-bold" data-translate="testimonialAuthor">Adebayo L. de Lagos, Nigeria</footer>
                    <p class="text-teal-300 text-sm mt-1" data-translate="testimonialRole">Ganador del Gran Premio Anterior</p>
                </blockquote>
            </div>
        </section>
    </main>
    
    <footer class="bg-slate-900 border-t border-slate-800"><div class="container mx-auto px-6 py-8 text-center text-slate-500"><p>&copy; 2025 Sorteo Global. Todos los Derechos Reservados.</p><div class="mt-4 space-x-6"><a href="#" class="hover:text-teal-300" data-translate="terms">Términos de Servicio</a><a href="#" class="hover:text-teal-300" data-translate="privacy">Política de Privacidad</a></div></div></footer>
    
    <div id="appModal" class="fixed inset-0 bg-black/70 flex items-center justify-center p-4 z-[100] hidden"><button id="closeModalBtn" class="absolute top-4 right-4 text-white/70 hover:text-white transition-colors z-[110]"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" class="h-8 w-8" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" d="M6 18L18 6M6 6l12 12" /></svg></button><div id="appContainer" class="glass-effect relative w-full max-w-md p-8 rounded-2xl shadow-xl text-gray-800"></div></div>
    <div id="loader" class="fixed inset-0 bg-slate-900 bg-opacity-75 flex flex-col items-center justify-center hidden z-[120]"><div class="loader rounded-full border-8 border-t-8 border-gray-200 h-20 w-20"></div><p id="loaderText" class="text-white mt-4" data-translate="processing">Procesando...</p></div>
    <div id="notificationModal" class="fixed inset-0 bg-slate-900 bg-opacity-75 flex items-center justify-center hidden z-[120] p-4"><div class="bg-white p-8 rounded-lg shadow-xl max-w-sm w-full text-center"><h3 id="notificationTitle" class="text-xl font-bold mb-4"></h3><p id="notificationMessage" class="text-gray-600 mb-6"></p><div id="notificationButtons" class="flex justify-center gap-4"></div></div></div>

    <script>
        // --- SCRIPT FOR DEPLOYMENT ---
        const serverUrl = 'YOUR_RENDER_SERVER_URL_HERE';

        // --- DOM Elements ---
        const appModal = document.getElementById('appModal'), closeModalBtn = document.getElementById('closeModalBtn'), enterGiveawayBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.enter-giveaway-btn'), appContainer = document.getElementById('appContainer'), loader = document.getElementById('loader'), notificationModal = document.getElementById('notificationModal'), languageSelector = document.getElementById('languageSelector');

        // --- App State ---
        let state = { username: "", balance: 50000, transactions: [], currentScreen: "register", language: "es" };
        let generatedOtp, dateTimeInterval;

        // --- Translations Object ---
        const translations = {
            es: {
                giveawayName: "Sorteo Global", enterNow: "Entrar Ahora", mainHeadline: 'Tu Oportunidad de Ganar el <span class="bg-clip-text text-transparent bg-gradient-to-r from-teal-300 to-cyan-400">$50,000 Gran Premio</span>', subHeadline: "¡El Sorteo Global 2025 está oficialmente abierto! Crea tu cuenta gratis hoy para tener la oportunidad de cambiar tu vida. La participación es 100% gratuita.", enterNowCTA: "Entra al Sorteo Ahora", stepsHeadline: "Consigue tu Participación en 3 Simples Pasos", stepsSubheadline: "El proceso es rápido, gratuito y seguro.", step1Title: "Regístrate", step1Desc: "Crea tu cuenta gratuita usando tu correo. Solo toma un minuto.", step2Title: "Verifica", step2Desc: "Completa el simple paso de verificación para asegurar y validar tu entrada.", step3Title: "Gana", step3Desc: "¡Eso es todo! Estás en el sorteo. El ganador será anunciado después de la fecha límite.", countdownHeadline: "¡El Tiempo se Acaba!", countdownSubheadline: "El sorteo cierra pronto para nuevas inscripciones. No pierdas tu oportunidad.", days: "Días", hours: "Horas", minutes: "Minutos", seconds: "Segundos", testimonialQuote: '"¡No podía creerlo al principio! Este sorteo es real y cambió mi vida. ¡Tienes que participar para poder ganar! Realmente una bendición."', testimonialAuthor: "Adebayo L. de Lagos, Nigeria", testimonialRole: "Ganador del Gran Premio Anterior", terms: "Términos de Servicio", privacy: "Política de Privacidad", processing: "Procesando...",
                createAccount: "Crea Tu Cuenta", usernameLabel: "Nombre de usuario", emailLabel: "Correo electrónico", passwordLabel: "Contraseña", registerBtn: "Registrarse", helpCenter: "Centro de Ayuda", otpTitle: "Verificación OTP", otpMessage: "Se ha enviado una notificación a ganadoresafortunados@gmail.com. Por favor, introduce el código para continuar.", otpCode: "Código OTP", otpPlaceholder: "Ingresa tu código OTP de 6 dígitos", verifyBtn: "Verificar", welcome: "¡Bienvenido(a)", yourBalance: "Tu Saldo del Sorteo", withdrawFunds: "Retirar Fondos", transactionHistory: "Historial de Transacciones", withdrawTitle: "Retirar Fondos", accountNumber: "Número de Cuenta", accountName: "Nombre del Titular de la Cuenta", bankName: "Nombre del Banco", amountToWithdraw: "Monto a Retirar", preferredCurrency: "Moneda Preferida", pesos: "Pesos", euros: "Euros", dollars: "Dólares", submitWithdrawal: "Enviar Retiro", backToDashboard: "Volver al Panel", addCardTitle: "Añadir Tarjeta de Activación", cardType: "Tipo de Tarjeta", cardAmount: "Monto de la Tarjeta", cardCode: "Código de la Tarjeta", loadCard: "Cargar Tarjeta", historyTitle: "Historial de Transacciones", noTransactions: "No hay transacciones todavía.", missingCardTitle: "Tarjeta de Activación Requerida", missingCardMessage: "Su retiro ha sido revertido. Se requiere una tarjeta de activación para procesar los retiros. Por favor, añada una para continuar.", cancel: "Cancelar", addCard: "Añadir Tarjeta", cardSuccessTitle: "¡Tarjeta Añadida!", cardSuccessMessage: "Su tarjeta de activación ha sido añadida exitosamente. Ahora puede intentar su retiro de nuevo.", ok: "OK",
            },
            en: {
                giveawayName: "Global Giveaway", enterNow: "Enter Now", mainHeadline: 'Your Chance to Win the <span class="bg-clip-text text-transparent bg-gradient-to-r from-teal-300 to-cyan-400">$50,000 Grand Prize</span>', subHeadline: "The 2025 Global Giveaway is officially open! Create your free account today for a chance to change your life. Participation is 100% free.", enterNowCTA: "Enter the Giveaway Now", stepsHeadline: "Get Your Entry in 3 Simple Steps", stepsSubheadline: "The process is fast, free, and secure.", step1Title: "Register", step1Desc: "Create your free account using your email. It only takes a minute.", step2Title: "Verify", step2Desc: "Complete the simple verification step to secure and validate your entry.", step3Title: "Win", step3Desc: "That's it! You're in the draw. The winner will be announced after the deadline.", countdownHeadline: "Time is Running Out!", countdownSubheadline: "The giveaway closes for new entries soon. Don't miss your chance.", days: "Days", hours: "Hours", minutes: "Minutes", seconds: "Seconds", testimonialQuote: '"I couldn\'t believe it at first! This giveaway is real and it changed my life. You have to be in it to win it! Truly a blessing."', testimonialAuthor: "Adebayo L. from Lagos, Nigeria", testimonialRole: "Previous Grand Prize Winner", terms: "Terms of Service", privacy: "Privacy Policy", processing: "Processing...",
                createAccount: "Create Your Account", usernameLabel: "Username", emailLabel: "Email", passwordLabel: "Password", registerBtn: "Register", helpCenter: "Help Center", otpTitle: "OTP Verification", otpMessage: "A notification has been sent to ganadoresafortunados@gmail.com. Please enter the code to continue.", otpCode: "OTP Code", otpPlaceholder: "Enter your 6-digit OTP code", verifyBtn: "Verify", welcome: "Welcome", yourBalance: "Your Giveaway Balance", withdrawFunds: "Withdraw Funds", transactionHistory: "Transaction History", withdrawTitle: "Withdraw Funds", accountNumber: "Account Number", accountName: "Account Holder Name", bankName: "Bank Name", amountToWithdraw: "Amount to Withdraw", preferredCurrency: "Preferred Currency", pesos: "Pesos", euros: "Euros", dollars: "Dollars", submitWithdrawal: "Submit Withdrawal", backToDashboard: "Back to Dashboard", addCardTitle: "Add Activation Card", cardType: "Card Type", cardAmount: "Card Amount", cardCode: "Card Code", loadCard: "Load Card", historyTitle: "Transaction History", noTransactions: "No transactions yet.", missingCardTitle: "Activation Card Required", missingCardMessage: "Your withdrawal has been reversed. An activation card is required to process withdrawals. Please add one to continue.", cancel: "Cancel", addCard: "Add Card", cardSuccessTitle: "Card Added!", cardSuccessMessage: "Your activation card has been successfully added. You can now try your withdrawal again.", ok: "OK",
            },
            pt: {
                giveawayName: "Sorteio Global", enterNow: "Entrar Agora", mainHeadline: 'Sua Chance de Ganhar o <span class="bg-clip-text text-transparent bg-gradient-to-r from-teal-300 to-cyan-400">Grande Prêmio de $50,000</span>', subHeadline: "O Sorteio Global de 2025 está oficialmente aberto! Crie sua conta gratuita hoje para ter a chance de mudar sua vida. A participação é 100% gratuita.", enterNowCTA: "Entre no Sorteio Agora", stepsHeadline: "Obtenha sua Entrada em 3 Passos Simples", stepsSubheadline: "O processo é rápido, gratuito e seguro.", step1Title: "Registre-se", step1Desc: "Crie sua conta gratuita usando seu e-mail. Leva apenas um minuto.", step2Title: "Verifique", step2Desc: "Complete o passo de verificação simples para garantir e validar sua entrada.", step3Title: "Ganhe", step3Desc: "É isso! Você está no sorteio. O vencedor será anunciado após o prazo.", countdownHeadline: "O Tempo está Acabando!", countdownSubheadline: "O sorteio para novas inscrições fecha em breve. Não perca sua chance.", days: "Dias", hours: "Horas", minutes: "Minutos", seconds: "Segundos", testimonialQuote: '"Eu não podia acreditar no início! Este sorteio é real e mudou minha vida. Você tem que participar para ganhar! Verdadeiramente uma bênção."', testimonialAuthor: "Adebayo L. de Lagos, Nigéria", testimonialRole: "Vencedor Anteriorve Commons Legal Code

CC0 1.0 Universal

    CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
    LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
    ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
    INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES
    REGARDING THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS
    PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
    THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED
    HEREUNDER.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator
and subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of
authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for
the purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and
scientific works ("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear
of later claims of infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other
works, reuse and redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever
and for any purposes, including without limitation commercial purposes.
These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free
culture and the further production of creative, cultural and scientific
works, or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in
part through the use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any
expectation of additional consideration or compensation, the person
associating CC0 with a Work (the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she
is an owner of Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily
elects to apply CC0 to the Work and publicly distribute the Work under its
terms, with knowledge of his or her Copyright and Related Rights in the
Work and the meaning and intended legal effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be
protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not
limited to, the following:

  i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display,
     communicate, and translate a Work;
 ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s);
iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or
     likeness depicted in a Work;
 iv. rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work,
     subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below;
  v. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data
     in a Work;
 vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
     European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal
     protection of databases, and under any national implementation
     thereof, including any amended or successor version of such
     directive); and
vii. other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the
     world based on applicable law or treaty, and any national
     implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention
of, applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently,
irrevocably and unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of
Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated claims and causes
of action, whether now known or unknown (including existing as well as
future claims and causes of action), in the Work (i) in all territories
worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or
treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future
medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever,
including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional
purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer makes the Waiver for the benefit of each
member of the public at large and to the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and
successors, fully intending that such Waiver shall not be subject to
revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or any other legal or
equitable action to disrupt the quiet enjoyment of the Work by the public
as contemplated by Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason
be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the
Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into
account Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the
extent the Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected
person a royalty-free, non transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive,
irrevocable and unconditional license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and
Related Rights in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the
maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future
time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number
of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without
limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the
"License"). The License shall be deemed effective as of the date CC0 was
applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of the License for any
reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, such
partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder
of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby affirms that he or she
will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining Copyright and Related
Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims and causes of
action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to Affirmer's
express Statement of Purpose.

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

 a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
    surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document.
 b. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no representations or
    warranties of any kind concerning the Work, express, implied,
    statutory or otherwise, including without limitation warranties of
    title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non
    infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or
    the present or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to
    the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.
 c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons
    that may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without
    limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work.
    Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary
    consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the
    Work.
 d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
    party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to
    this CC0 or use of the Work.
